alves was discharged in seven languages ​​luis fabiano
main highlights
I did not want to start and beat the teacher.
even if it's a man or a woman but
sep
they that personality
its long student growth and not only not in the content of the subject but
also in personal growth and evolution
david subject
production and systemic creation prefers sanchez
he started to interact regardless of age is 70 thousand vehicles per hour
for this second
It's my house and they want to impose it.
the range does not have special protection those who do more than they always want in
top of renan
she has to be very relaxed and funny dynamic
and I think she should learn attention enough students with
a match point and creativity in holland is not single stitches leaves the den
lion as in some cases
it has to be followed by the content that is passing can not be doubt
relaxed to the point
leave for about five years or not
he knows how to give
al assad half an hour later explain the serious speeches this claw of playing with
progression the interested at the time of song choice can not only shows
the things that everyone forgets without getting people involved with
subject matter
and if a person who makes them makes them interesting
but who chooses the adversities with the students in this playful saw
communicative and tactics an hour of sharing the relaxed knowledges
ever
classroom you do not get pink coat then 600 students who do not know
the same despite having existed
there only in which the proposal selected for is exactly to study
to be something
teachers and 40-year-olds is overheated
in the evaluation of the teacher one of these topics, namely of
closeness to the orchestra and student
in the good sense of paying attention in class
it helps to understand a different way not entering the brain the student
with another
meaningfully will not try to put this afternoon so it's on the table each one
has your way the most agita fight and want to show
he who is what is obvious that the teacher is speaking that he has
qualifying stage events
I want come down
but what they accuse me of is not in both types and in all of them it is that in no
party due to the abundance
serginho
the hotel 20 years
by the semester goals
I think they have one more process of the daughter a great warm up
he knows a lot
said the
is a very rich guy said wisdom of growth the teacher girafales
policemen stand sides claim eliminatory peace